Create Finance and Accounting 
Dashboard: Profit & Loss Chart, Income Chart, Expense Chart, Cashflow Chart and Bank Accounts Overview
Banking:
Bank Accounts Management
Banking Feeds: Download Transactions, Import Transactions, Add/Edit/Delete Transactions, Match/Ignore Transactions, Verify Account
Transactions Management:
Mapping Bank Statements to Accounting
Mapping Invoices to Accounting
Mapping Payments to Accounting
Mapping Expenses to Accounting
Mapping Purchase to Accounting (need to integrate with Purchase Management module)
Mapping Inventory to Accounting (need to integrate with Inventory Management module)
Mapping Payroll to Accounting (need to integrate with HR Payroll module)
Bills Management
Checks Management
Register is where you quickly enter money you have received from your customers and payments you have made to your suppliers or vendors
Banking Rules: to automatically categorize transactions
Journal Entry: to record transactions in the general ledger
Transfer: to transfers of amounts between accounts
Chart of Accounts: is a list of the account numbers and names relevant to your company. Typically, a chart of accounts will have four categories (Asset accounts, Liability accounts, Income accounts and Expense accounts).
Reconcile: is the process of matching transactions entered into module against your bank or credit card statements
Budgets Management: supports preparing budgets, which help you monitor, track, and compare expected income and expenses with actual income and expenses. When you prepare a budget, you typically prepare it for a fiscal year, and you can opt to supply budget amounts or use historical amounts
Mapping Setup:
General Mapping Setup
Payslips Mapping Setup
Purchase Mapping Setup
Inventory Mapping Setup
Manufacturing Mapping Setup
Omni-channel Sales Mapping Setup
Fixed Equipment Mapping Setup
Business Overview Reports:
Balance Sheet Comparison: what you own (assets), what you owe (liabilities), and what you invested (equity) compared to last year.
Balance Sheet Detail: a detailed view of what you own (assets), what you owe (liabilities), and what you invested (equity).
Balance Sheet Summary: a summary of what you own (assets), what you owe (liabilities), and what you invested (equity).
Balance Sheet: what you own (assets), what you owe (liabilities), and what you invested (equity).
Custom Summary Report: a report you build from scratch. With more options to customise.
Profit and Loss as % of total income: your expenses as a percentage of your total income.
Profit and Loss Comparison: your income, expenses, and net income (profit or loss) compared to last year.
Profit and Loss Detail: profit and Loss Detail
Profit and Loss year-to-date comparison: Your income, expenses, and net income (profit or loss) compared to this year so far
Monthly Profit and Loss: Your income, expenses, and net income (profit or loss). Statistics by month.
Profit and Loss: your income, expenses, and net income (profit or loss). Also called an income statement.
Statement of Cash Flows: cash flowing in and out from sales and expenses (operating activities), investments, and financing.
Statement of Changes in Equity: statement of changes in equity.